but for me, I personally,
if it had been any of my
classmates, instead of inviting him to
collaborate, I would have
criticized him just like Marta is being criticized
now
because videos are being made of Marta,
videos are being made of Marta, videos are being made of Marta
for having
used the word bullying And
none of my classmates or friends reported this, none of them, none of them
is a video,
none of them is a video Why Because it's not
Marta, I'm taking the risk and because the mob and the
people Okay, well, no, it's not going to happen when I support you about the license plate, we didn't even talk to each other There are things in real life that cannot be justified by how we behave on social media,
then there are people like María Teresa
Jiménez, I don't know if they are
real people or heartless bots,
I don't know if they are bots or
real people, okay, are you telling me to look at
minute 57, let's see, let's look at it?
Javi hasn't mentioned your name at
any time, please
no, no, but if I don't, I'm not telling you,
nobody, I haven't seen it, are
you telling me now
that I personally and also I'm
going to tell you one thing that
I am responsible for what I
say that I am responsible for what I
say not for what people understand
I have not said
that anyone has bullied anyone okay I
have my thoughts okay but I
keep it to myself regarding that okay I have not
said that anyone has
bullied anyone okay
What I have said is that it does not
seem logical to me that after being
insulted they give her the finger they make
an insinuation about her two careers I do
n't know that I don't know how much that the bad thing the
most serious thing is what is put in the title and the
most reprehensible thing is that she has used
the word bullying the other one
I personally within the context that they have
I
can tell you Hey Well maybe I would not have
used the word bullying
But within the context that it has and
everything that was being said to her
that they throw her face that
minute 57 do you think I hear
[Music]
we are doing the other one
Exactly the same thing let's let's see
this let's see this and now we go in and
now we go in but but let's see
let's  see Adrian to train super
important to
show all these great outfits
this morning well that he got up
because
there's all the publicity
In fact I'm really worried because
many of you were wondering
were you convinced that after
Diego Arrabal's nonsense
Well that you were sure that he was going to
publicly apologize
towns with you Marta and I think not that he
shouldn't because one thing is not to think
like you or to give information that you
deny and another is to say what what you
said about me
and Well in fact in fact
I have told him Maybe
the italics are even true I mean maybe
I don't believe it at the
moment okay But maybe the
information is real I mean maybe the thing
about the 30,000 or the 6000 thing Maybe
that is true but it's
been in the background I mean you just have to
look at the difference between
Alberto and when when Maria Patiño
denied the information to what we
just saw I mean to you there are many
times many times that a character
diverts you  exclusive or denies you
information but well there you are
if you respond or maintain it or don't
maintain it or whatever, I do believe
the information, right now it wouldn't
fit but you see that maybe it
's true I mean
yes maybe the information is true
but it's that it has passed Now it's in the
background
remembering some things I remind you that
this is from today eh her information about
me I'll
leave it to you in the next Story So
that there is no type of opinion or anything it's
just an image and you
make your own conclusions
Tell me how many friends Oh Marta how many
friends do you have
Marta you have to be very silly and
after the almost of the Almost five
thousand likes and more than 600 comments I do
n't know exactly
of support in addition to the messages from
platforms of people
showing me their support from mothers of children
with problems anyway after all this
Diego Rabal yesterday to get views on
his channel because he was deflated and I
need to do all this to well to
increase the views well what he did was
make a video of these my response to
Marta risk and put some music like an
8 minute music I have it  seen this morning
he had taken advantage of all the controversy and his
bad press at that time so that
people would click on the video it seems that he was going to
say something but he didn't say anything he
simply put on some tense music
Okay so today I arrive and I find that
this person
has made another video
and he has said the following
careful he
is playing very very very very hard very
hard and he is also playing on a
playing field that is very dangerous very
dangerous because
[Music]
because there are people there are
people who are not well said by
themselves that person they have told
him that is why you have to be very
careful You have to be prudent and you have to
know how far to go effectively
I say I mean if you don't say it not
all these days No but I also
heard it when we did the interview
with Marta when we told him no when he
says the interview with Marta The first
interview that I did with him
well when I did the interview with
Sergi Ferrer he also put up a fight Marina
was a very bad friend when
when we did it well there have been several
things Okay when he interviewed Rocío
Carrasco he also put up a fight when and
when I interviewed Marta Ríos with the
first time That afternoon He  He said
how could it be burned for a person who was
not there to run the channels, I don't
know, something like that, I don't remember how it was that you
sent me It's that
I, for example, Even if it made me
angry that a colleague did something
nice, I wouldn't broadcast it that way,
you understand
[Music]
but
to me, doing an interview with this
person who is the character of the moment
doesn't seem bad to me, for example, if you
're saying that it seems wrong to you that
an interview is being done, that
a channel is being taken over or whatever, it seems much
worse to me to put some maracas on him
and out of prudence,
it's because of that prudence And because you know
perfectly well how far to go because of what
has fallen on you that has fallen on you and because of what
I have had to come out and say that
this cannot be allowed because the one who
did everything except being prudent and
knowing how far to go was you who
said this You have to
be very stupid, very stupid, you must
have a career, you say I think he
has more than one career,
more than one he
even studied at university
and the other
and the other you have learned
then
minute 32 he says the
sewer rat thing to  look
and it's coming to you from a 52 year old guy
with a lot of experience
working on the streets since he was 16
we're not going to get into another
debate if you want bad person
Well this afternoon I said no time in
the sewer Well that's you a very bad
person a
very bad person
[Music]
in life and so that more than one knows what you
give is what you're going to receive
for sure don't have the slightest doubt it's coming to you from
a 52 year old guy
Thank you very much Diego I'm
subscribed to four channels the rest are
the Geo But there's one that drives
me crazy he's like the chocolate coin it's nonsense and he knows about everything and nothing Thank you very much A big kiss in life everything everything everything comes back everything and it's coming to you from a 52 year old guy with a lot of experience working on the streets since he was 16 minutes 30
who knows about everything and understands nothing
pull and applaud
and open a microphone
constantly to expose this
absolute barbarity
everyone can do what they want
I already said it the other day call him I
told him  Marta we are in a state of
law everyone can do what they
want
But how ugly and what bad people you are you
are very bad people in life in
life and that so that more than one knows what you
give is what you are going to receive for
sure do not have the slightest doubt this is being
told to you by a 52 year old guy
plácida F Thank you very much Diego I
am subscribed to four channels, let's
see if it's about me let's see I'm going to
answer the same thing is that I'm going to
answer the same thing or rather I
personally am not a bad person bad
person giving Marta the microphone
bad person defending Marta from having been
taken by the punching bag on
YouTube I do not take it personally but
let's go for whoever it is the way they are those that
are family is there
someone is there someone who defends
these these expressions I ask is there
someone who defends these expressions
like the chocolate coin
and knows about everything and nothing
Thank you very much plácida A big kiss
in life everything everything everything comes
back everything and this is being told to you by a 52 year old guy
with a lot of experience since the  16
years on the street working
You're a very bad person go see the chat let's
not get into another one in another debate
if you want a bad person
like me this afternoon I said no time in
the sewer Well that's it you're a very bad
person the chat applauding eh very bad person the
chat applauding man what are
people there envy
envy
all those things
are cured by working and being good at what you do
never never
attacking
and trying to
turn around something that doesn't make any sense
play with what you're playing with play
with what I mean the guy takes he has
put Marta at risk he has put he has put
Marta at risk some maracas
and he has videos that are titled Marta
at risk like Machine's maracas
but the rats are the ones that are the
rats are the ones that are giving him the
microphone
okay same what he said I mean everyone
reaps what they sow and that's it to me he
still seems like a bad person I'm not
going to I'm not going to use the same
insults it's that you're
saying that you think he's going after me that one
disqualifying
I'm not going to get into that The truth is that
everyone defines themselves with their things no And
with his way of expressing himself the other day
telling Marta that she's more than stupid
giving her the finger that she has two
degrees and today she's a rat Rat and a bad person
not
to whoever is giving the microphone
to me it seems worse of a bad
person
what he did or that there is a
family going through a situation like
mine and that it is said we
will have to see we will have to see what we will have to
see the other's version
but of course
that is what that is what there is no
Javi But you are good your thing I don't know
who will say it to me what
surprises me is that there is a chat
applauding this
a chat applauding this he
told you that you copied him when leaving the house
but I'm not going to give my opinion On anything that I haven't
seen there is minute 30
[Music]
but boss has before people who
act cultured because he is the
nit master who knows everything
and I did not come here to defend Antonio
David Flores because here we are all
adults that
he  they called an abuser publicly
without having any sentence it
's mind-blowing
that I'm
not referring to Marta right now I
'm not referring to Marta it's
mind-blowing that people who claim to be
cultured because they are the master nit who
knows everything and understands nothing
pull and applaud
and constantly open a microphone
to expose this
authentic barbarity
it is that no matter how much I hear it true No
matter how much you tell me whoever it may be
useful to me what I care about
the things that good people tell
me what I think is that a guy who goes around saying that
when I have a stalker threatening to
rape my family that we will have to
listen to him and we will have to see what
I have done to me is that what
this person says I already
know what it is what I'm telling you that he is
saying that it is envy
the numbers speak for themselves Javi is going
after you full force now but if he has been
doing that since he arrived But let's see,
let him live in his illusion that
someone is envious of him okay, I'm
not surprised by this, let's see from
the first moment that he did those things I  you can
see what everyone is talking about, for me,
with what he said about me, for me it
would be enough to
give me an idea, you know, I'm
not going to answer these
comments.
Yesterday I opened a space where
anyone could debate if they didn't
agree or whatever. Of course, but when you
don't have arguments, it's required you
resort to insults and
disqualification because we come from
save me.
I'm always going to take a position, I'm
always going to take a position
on the side of the person who is being
wronged and for me in this case,
despite the fact that I have disagreed
with her on many occasions, for me they have gone too far
with Marta, for me, this man.
Now he starts saying these things, no, they're
envious of him. What could
be envious of him? In
terms of numbers, in terms of views, in terms of
viewers, it's that I don't know, envy of. What's
absurd to think that and
but we've seen these types of
qualifiers this
weekend, we've seen them on another occasion and we've seen them, you know, you
know,
to me, disqualifications,
for me, it's that I. Ha  disqualifications I do not
respond I
have my idea and I think it is a
more or less logical idea to me what
surprises me is that there are people applauding
this just like there were people applauding over
the weekend what was said to
Marta okay And that there are colleagues of mine
who continue to give him a hand That is what
seems incredible to me I mean here
you have it that this is done for an hour no
Manuela exactly clear it does not
matter who it goes for it does not matter who it
goes for exactly It is that if it goes for me
Well bad but it is that if it goes for another
person it also means
that if it goes for another person then it
also counts
for whoever it goes
not for whoever it goes you
understand
Natalia but it is what I am telling you I mean I
see people who were supposed to go around
friends of mine giving this a place I do not
see the point But come on he has
only done what I know what he
said about me during Holy Week
what he said about weekly honey Estela
is Chela
you are taking the sweet of the moment And
that hurts him well on the contrary aunt I mean
when there is content on the internet what
has  what everyone should do is
take advantage of it I
agree friends nothing pure
interest do
not take it personally if envy were a
blog ringworm but if it is that I do not
either I consider that nobody has to be
jealous of me because we have been
seeing on television and in magazines for 20 years
that Pablo goes Le Mola stir the
hornet's nest but missing no attention Javier
Well Huguito, no, I am not going to enter
into disqualification, it is that I already told you, I
mean, I do not know if it is for me because he does not say a
name but I do not care in the case that it is
for me or if it is for another
person, it is
for whoever it is,
there is someone in the chat
who applauds this and who agrees
with what you have just heard to
listen to different opinions
to listen to different opinions is there
someone who seems to like this because we
already know that some colleagues Yes
obviously but someone here in the
chat seems to like this
or do you see it as logical
Javi do not take it personally come on no no
but I do not care even if it was for
anyone else
or rather me but I speak for myself I speak
for myself eh later  of how I've been
after having been at the
weekend So bad
after let's see at the weekend So
bad I
doubt very much that the way to fix it
is
these comments and we have only
listened to three or four minutes I have been
surprised by some of
your colleagues
and you know what the best thing is that
since it was not Marta who said it
none of them are going to make a video of this
none of them are going to make a video of this if it
had been Marta who says these
expressions How many videos are there tomorrow How many
videos are there tomorrow
no Román don't say those things don't say those
things Román
if I had imagined just
simply
imagine
that those expressions had been made by
Marta risk
How many videos would there be tomorrow super
indignant Marta respond but don't
respond like that
How many do you think there would be well let's
see tomorrow How many videos
come from heart youtubers
commenting on this